Small content changes across the site (#347)
alphagov/govuk-brand-guidelines: src/introduction/index.md

The evolved brand is designed to adapt its tone, visuals and motion for different channels, formats and audiences. We call this the ‘inform to inspire’ scale.

> On the web, the focus is on helping people find what they need from government services and complete tasks. As the diagram highlights web is aligned to being more informative in its approach, app has flex moving from informative towards being more inspiring and social flexes from inform to inspire on the continuum scale.

Reviewer: Draft to improve this, also trying to incorporate comments I saw from stakeholder feedback.

```suggestion
On all channels, our focus is to help people find what they need from government and complete tasks using our services.  The 'inform to inspire' scale shows how web aligns more towards an informative approach, with app flexing from inform on to inspire and social spanning across the entire scale from inform to inspire.
```
